Implement new TexturedBackground fields (#1082)
cyberbotics/webots: docs/guide/object-backgrounds.md

## TexturedBackground

> `TexturedBackground` provides a set of background textures, and apply them to the background skybox and to the reflections on the 3D objects.

Reviewer: The description is fine but there is a typo

```suggestion
`TexturedBackground` provides a set of background textures, and applies them to the background skybox and to the reflections on the 3D objects.
```

- `texture`: Defines the texture of the background.

- `luminosity`: Is `Background.luminosity`.

> - `skybox`: Specifies if the background is used to define the textured skybox.

Reviewer: I have the feeling that this sentence is not very clear. 
I would use "texture" instead of "background" term because even if the `skybox` field is disabled there is a uniform colored background.

```suggestion
- `skybox`: Specifies if the `texture` field is used to define the skybox.
```

But then I'm also wondering if  `skybox` is a good field name, given that from the description (and `fallbackSkyboxColor` field) it seems that even if this field is set to FALSE a skybox still exists.

- `reflections`: Specifies if the background is used in the material reflections.

> - `fallbackSkyboxColor`: Defines the background color in case the skybox is not defined.

Reviewer: As mentioned in the previous comment, when reading these documentation I'm a little bit confused about the use of the terms "background", "skybox", and "texture".

I think that would be better to rename this field simply `backgroundColor`.

The description is ok like this only if no skybox is created in case the texture is not defined or disabled.
Otherwise instead of "the skybox is not defined" we should use "the `skybox` field is FALSE"
